# Professional-Photo-effect-with-Portrait-Mode-for-iPhone-7Plus-user
Since the launch of camera phones, almost a decade back the entire definition of photography has been changed. So, When Apple launched its iPhone it totally changed the game and now people expecting more from different brands and especially from Apple. Now, Apple and its products certainly do not need much introduction and they are actually the apple of each owner’s eye.  Recently Apple introduced an enhanced feature of Portrait Mode to iPhone 7 Plus users with its 10.1 iOS update.  Apple's iPhone 7 Plus comes with a dual lens setup in which one is the telephoto lens and the other is a wide-angle lens. So with Portrait mode one gets a DSLR style portrait with a "Bokeh" effect where the objects come sharply in focus while the rest of the background is blurred. Using this mode you can focus on one object in distance and then click a picture. Portrait mode creates a shallow depth of everything and puts the subject in focus while all everything else is blurred.  Apple's iPhone 7 Plus comes with 12-megapixel rear cameras with optical image stabilization and f/1.8 aperture and a new 6 element lens. It also comes with an optical zoom at 2X and 10X digital zoom for photos. One can use both the cameras in the Portrait mode to give a professional touch to the pics one clicks. Though Apple says this feature is still in beta mode and users should expect more up gradations in future iOS updates. The way Apple is an undisputed leader offering the best products and iPhone apps Evince is known for its iPhone app development services as we are a premium iPhone app development company in India. We have clients in almost each segment right from mCommerce, Business, Education, IT&amp; Telecom, Healthcare, Insurance, and Entertainment and much more for which we have done iPhone mobile application development. Our clients can hire expert iPhone developers through us and get an edge in their business through the most promising and branded services.
